perf_benchmark/README.md, before:

# Performance Benchmark

We use [Google Benchmark](https://github.com/google/benchmark) library to build
our performance benchmark. Variable being tested

- Number of nested JSON layer
- JSON array length
- JSON value data type
- JSON body length
- Message chunk size

## How to run

```bash
bazel run //perf_benchmark:benchmark_main -- \
  --benchmark_min_warmup_time=3 \
  --benchmark_repetitions=1000 \
  --benchmark_format=console \
  --benchmark_counters_tabular=true \
  --benchmark_filter=BM_*
```

Options meaning:

- `benchmark_min_warmup_time=<int>`: the amount of time for which the warmup should be run 
- `benchmark_repetitions=<int>`: the test will automatically run several
  iterations, but only one data point is captured per run. Setting repetition to
  1000 gives us 1000 data points, which would make percentiles and standard
  deviation more meaningful.
- `benchmark_format=<console|json|csv>`: where to output benchmark results.
- `benchmark_counters_tabular=<true|false>`: it's useful when outputting to console.
- `benchmark_filter=<regex>`: it can be used to only run the benchmarks that match
  the specified <regex>.

## Captured data

- Elapsed time and CPU time
- Byte latency and throughput
- Message latency and throughput
- Request latency and throughput

We also capture p25, p50, p75, p90, p99, and p999 for each test,
but `--benchmark_repetitions=1000` is recommended for the results to be
meaningful.

Commit message:

Add performance benchmark for gRPC to JSON transcoding (#80)
Added gRPC to JSON benchmarks for:

- Number of nested JSON layer
- JSON array length
- JSON value data type
- JSON body length

Variable bindings benchmark will be on a separate PR.
I will collect the metrics and write up a simple report after all benchmark PRs are merged.

A few notes:
- Performed some little refactoring on `benchmark_main.cc`.
- Segmented message is not applicable for gRPC to JSON since gRPC to JSON transcoding requires the complete message.
- `::google::protobuf::Struct` transcoding from gRPC to JSON has a limit of 31 nested layers. Having 32 layers would fail the parsing. JSON to gRPC transcoding will fail when having 33 layers. This off-by-one might come that the definition of layer 0 is different for gRPC -> JSON and JSON -> gRPC.

perf_benchmark/README.md, after:

# Performance Benchmark

We use [Google Benchmark](https://github.com/google/benchmark) library to build
our performance benchmark. Variable being tested

- Number of nested JSON layer
- JSON array length
- JSON value data type
- JSON body length
- Message chunk size
- Variable binding depth (JSON -> gRPC only)
- Number of variable bindings (JSON -> gRPC only)

## How to run

```bash
bazel run //perf_benchmark:benchmark_main --compilation_mode=opt -- \
  --benchmark_min_warmup_time=3 \
  --benchmark_repetitions=1000 \
  --benchmark_format=console \
  --benchmark_counters_tabular=true \
  --benchmark_filter=BM_*
```

Options meaning:

- `--compilation_mode=opt`: Bazel option to build the library in release mode.
  Without this, the library runs in debug mode.
- `benchmark_min_warmup_time=<int>`: the amount of time for which the warmup
  should be run
- `benchmark_repetitions=<int>`: the test will automatically run several
  iterations, but only one data point is captured per run. Setting repetition to
  1000 gives us 1000 data points, which would make percentiles and standard
  deviation more meaningful.
- `benchmark_format=<console|json|csv>`: where to output benchmark results.
- `benchmark_counters_tabular=<true|false>`: it's useful when outputting to
  console.
- `benchmark_filter=<regex>`: it can be used to only run the benchmarks that
  match the specified <regex>.

## Captured data

- Elapsed time and CPU time
- Byte latency and throughput
- Message latency and throughput
- Request latency and throughput

We also capture p25, p50, p75, p90, p99, and p999 for each test,
but `--benchmark_repetitions=1000` is recommended for the results to be
meaningful.
